#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=dev-requirements-linux.txt dev-requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp-retry
    #   fsspec
aiohttp-retry==2.4.6
    # via dvc
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
anyio==3.3.4
    # via jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via dvc
argon2-cffi==21.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
arrow==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
async-timeout==4.0.1
    # via aiohttp
atpublic==2.3
    # via flufl.lock
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   sphinx-external-toc
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   dulwich
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   cryptography
    #   pygit2
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   pip-tools
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-external-toc
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   nbdime
    #   rich
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
configobj==5.0.6
    # via dvc
cryptography==35.0.0
    # via
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dictdiffer==0.9.0
    # via dvc
diskcache==5.2.1
    # via dvc
distro==1.6.0
    # via dvc
docopt==0.6.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-panels
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
dpath==2.0.5
    # via dvc
dulwich==0.20.26
    # via dvc
dvc==2.8.3
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
flake8==4.0.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
flatten-dict==0.4.2
    # via dvc
flufl.lock==6.0
    # via dvc
frozenlist==1.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2021.11.0
    # via dvc
ftfy==6.0.3
    # via python-benedict
funcy==1.16
    # via dvc
future==0.18.2
    # via grandalf
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.24
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   nbdime
grandalf==0.6
    # via dvc
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via myst-nb
invoke==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipykernel==6.5.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipython==7.29.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   jupyterlab
    #   myst-nb
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
    #   sphinx
joblib==1.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.6
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-book==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-cache==0.4.3
    # via myst-nb
jupyter-client==7.0.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.11.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-mathjax
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbdime
jupyter-server-mathjax==0.2.3
    # via nbdime
jupyter-sphinx==0.3.2
    # via myst-nb
jupyterlab==3.2.3
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.8.2
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
jupytext==1.11.5
    # via jupyter-book
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
latexcodec==2.0.1
    # via pybtex
linkify-it-py==1.0.2
    # via jupyter-book
livereload==2.6.3
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
lxml==4.6.4
    # via python-pptx
mailchecker==4.0.16
    # via python-benedict
markdown-it-py==1.1.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mdit-py-plugins==0.2.8
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-parser
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
msal==1.16.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
multidict==5.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
myst-nb==0.13.1
    # via jupyter-book
myst-parser==0.15.2
    # via myst-nb
nanotime==0.5.2
    # via dvc
nbclassic==0.3.4
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.8
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==6.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
    #   notebook
nbdime==3.1.1
    # via jupyter-cache
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
networkx==2.6.3
    # via dvc
notebook==6.4.5
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.21.4
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   seedbank
    #   statsmodels
packaging==21.2
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   dvc
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sphinx
pandas==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via dvc
patsy==0.5.2
    # via statsmodels
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
phonenumbers==8.12.37
    # via python-benedict
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.4.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   python-pptx
pip-tools==6.4.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
ply==3.11
    # via dvc
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.22
    # via ipython
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   flufl.lock
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via dvc
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.1
    # via sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.7.2
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pydot==1.4.2
    # via dvc
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via flake8
pygit2==1.7.0
    # via dvc
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pygtrie==2.4.2
    # via dvc
pyjwt[crypto]==2.3.0
    # via msal
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   grandalf
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   pydot
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
python-benedict==0.24.3
    # via dvc
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   python-benedict
python-fsutil==0.5.0
    # via python-benedict
python-pptx==0.6.21
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via python-benedict
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex
    #   python-benedict
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-external-toc
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dvc
    #   fsspec
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   msal
    #   nbdime
    #   python-benedict
    #   python-fsutil
    #   sphinx
rich==10.13.0
    # via dvc
ruamel.yaml==0.17.17
    # via dvc
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via ruamel.yaml
scikit-learn==1.0.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
scipy==1.7.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
seedbank==0.1.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
shortuuid==1.0.8
    # via dvc
shtab==1.4.2
    # via dvc
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   configobj
    #   flatten-dict
    #   jsonschema
    #   latexcodec
    #   livereload
    #   patsy
    #   pybtex
    #   python-benedict
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-comments
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-external-toc
    #   sphinx-jupyterbook-latex
    #   sphinx-multitoc-numbering
    #   sphinx-panels
    #   sphinx-thebe
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
sphinx-book-theme==0.1.7
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-comments==0.0.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-copybutton==0.4.0
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-external-toc==0.2.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-jupyterbook-latex==0.4.6
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-multitoc-numbering==0.1.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-panels==0.6.0
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-thebe==0.0.10
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-togglebutton==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   myst-nb
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.2.1
    # via jupyter-book
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.4.27
    # via jupyter-cache
srt==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
statsmodels==0.13.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via dvc
terminado==0.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinytag==1.6.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   dvc
    #   jupytext
    #   python-benedict
tomli==1.2.2
    # via pep517
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   livereload
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via dvc
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   async-timeout
    #   dvc
    #   gitpython
uc-micro-py==1.0.1
    # via linkify-it-py
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   dulwich
    #   requests
voluptuous==0.12.2
    # via dvc
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   ftfy
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
xlsxwriter==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   python-pptx
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via python-benedict
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zc.lockfile==2.0
    # via dvc
zipp==3.6.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
